README.md, before:

# InfantryMod

This mod is currently in BETA - please send some feedback to me if you're testing it.
Catch me on Discord, in game, forums or email. Thanks.

## About
(See a video on YouTube)
This is a mod for __maps__ in [OpenRA](http://www.openra.net): Red Alert.

Only infantry is available in this mod, along with a couple super weapons such as paradrops.

The goal is to capture and control as many oil derricks as possible, until a team reaches the winning points.

This currently works on OpenRA version 20161019.

## Maps
See a list of all infantry mod maps on the resource center (link).

## Rules 
- No MCV. Only barracks.
- All infantry is available. Default price.
- Barracks health is set to XX (XX original)
- Oil derricks health is 4x higher than default? 
- Super Weapons: parabombs, paradrops and spy plane.
- First team to get XX points wins.
- Capturing an oil derricks gives $50 and then $25 every few seconds.
- The more oil derricks you control the more points to get.

## Make your own map
This mod is very simple to add to your own map.
1. Create a map with oil derricks
1. Set the `Categories` to `Infantry` in `map.yaml`.
1. Add this code to the bottom of your `map.yaml` file
```
CODE HERE.
```
1. Zip your map including the `infantry-rules.yaml` and `infantrymod.lua`
1. Play

Doesn't work? [Get help here](https://github.com/xy2z/OpenRA.InfantryMod/wiki/Troubleshooting)

__Remember to:__
- Add your map to the resource center (link) with the tag "Infantry".
- Check in on new releases to the mod and update your map with fixes and new features.

## Points
To win you need to get (number of players) x 15 points.
- 2 players: 30
- 4 players: 60
- 6 players: 90
- and so on...

## Contribute
Feel free to create a pull request.

## Bugs & Features 
Found a bug? Got a great idea for a feature ? [Create an issue here](https://github.com/xy2z/OpenRA.InfantryMod/issues/new).

Commit message:

Renamed rules.yaml to infantry-rules.yaml and removed debug message

README.md, after:

# InfantryMod

This mod is currently in BETA - please send some feedback to me if you're testing it.
Catch me on Discord, ingame, forums or email. Thanks.
Get the map here (coming soon)

## About
(See a video on YouTube)
This is a mod for __maps__ in [OpenRA](http://www.openra.net): Red Alert.

Only infantry is available in this mod, along with a couple super weapons such as paradrops.

The goal is to capture and control as many oil derricks as possible, until a team reaches the winning points.

This currently works on OpenRA version 20161019.

## Maps
See a list of all infantry mod maps on the resource center (link).

## Rules
- No MCV. Only barracks.
- All infantry is available. Default price.
- Barracks health is set to XX (XX original)
- Oil derricks health is 4x higher than default?
- Super Weapons: parabombs, paradrops and spy plane.
- First team to get XX points wins.
- Capturing an oil derricks gives $50 and then $25 every few seconds.
- The more oil derricks you control the more points to get.

## Make your own map
This mod is very simple to add to your own map.
1. Create a map with oil derricks
1. Set the `Categories` to `Infantry` in `map.yaml`.
1. Add this code to the bottom of your `map.yaml` file
```
Rules: infantry-rules.yaml
```
1. Zip your map including the `infantry-rules.yaml` and `infantrymod.lua`
1. Play

Doesn't work? [Get help here](https://github.com/xy2z/OpenRA.InfantryMod/wiki/Troubleshooting)

__Remember to:__
- Add your map to the resource center (link) with the tag "Infantry".
- Check in on new releases to the mod and update your map with fixes and new features.

## Points
To win you need to get (number of players) x 15 points.
- 2 players: 30
- 4 players: 60
- 6 players: 90
- and so on...

## Contribute
Feel free to create a pull request.

## Bugs & Features
Found a bug? Got an idea for a feature? [Create an issue here](https://github.com/xy2z/OpenRA.InfantryMod/issues/new).
